This is a head-gum original.
Welcome to another edition of the head-gum podcast.
It's a very special theme episode.
I don't know what else to say. Do you guys have your snacks and lunch ready?
Like I asked?
No.
What do you mean no, not yet?
Or no, you won't have anything for this episode.
Both. Not yet.
Or ever for this episode, to eat.
And Murrico left.
I went to go get a lunch fail.
Okay, great.
Ooh, is that after a city?
Yeah.
That's cool.
Welcome to the lunch break episode.
You didn't ask me if I had a snack.
Do you have a snack?
I did. I have a little bowl of trail mix.
Nice. Okay, so this is going to the title.
This episode is lunch and learn.
The title is lunch and learn.
So I'm adopting the conversation already.
Just let it happen.
I'm cooperating.
You're not.
We are all activating on a co-level to create content.
Exactly right.
And like it, co-op, it's time to learn and grow and change.
Why are we listening to the Wii sound?
Because there's so much dead air in this shit, man.
So I'm trying to like fill the space so that it feels more like a discussion.
Do you want something else?
Let me do it.
I love it.
This music calms me.
All right, uh, here we go.
Fucking.
And then we're going to get into some shit.
But this, you guys have anything that you want to talk about in terms of, um,
you don't have any thoughts about lunch and learn.
That being the title of the episode and the whole thing.
It's called lunch and learn.
You're not having to.
Yeah, we all, Brad, I'm sure has been to a lunch and learn.
Right.
Yeah, my old company is to do a lot of them.
And your new one does too.
Because here we are at a lunch and learn.
This is a company show.
I'm a company man.
Man.
And guess what else?
What?
It's time to lunch and learn.
So what are you, are you teaching us something?
You don't inspire.
Perfect.
He's gone.
Also, also not an employee.
We have to give him something.
Because now my coffee, I'm actually going to be right back to.
Yeah, it's more than fair.
Right.
Good.
When do you come to LA?
I wouldn't stay.
Perfect.
Just in time for me to go to New York.
Are you going for Avito show?
We're going basically for a week.
Next week.
And then she's going off to Europe.
And I'm going back to LA.
Nice.
So you're going to see any shows?
Yeah.
I want to see six.
See Andrew Leatt.
I mean, you should see six.
Six is fun.
See Andrew Leatt.
Six.
And Andrew Leatt.
Of course.
Who is back.
To get your lunch.
I tried to use the Mike Armigan.
Do you have your lunch?
I have my lunch.
What are you guys eating?
Let's just start off with that.
Because everybody likes food.
So before we get into the team building, we're learning the growing, the changing.
Again, this is a company show.
So I feel like this is the time to get better as a company as a team.
And to learn a little bit about several topics that we'll get into.
But before we start that, what do you guys have to eat?
I can go through what's in my lunch, pale.
Sure.
And if it's not food, then we're going to start maybe with listening to directions.
Would be a good place to start anything.
So I have this.
Sanding.
What's that for?
Is that for grinding down your teeth to like a nob?
Yeah.
Pretty much.
Um, this, the wall staple gun.
Okay.
Is that for getting your roommate to leave your room?
Uh, no, it's more I.
It's for like hacking up my food.
And it's box.
Because I hand make every, when I make food for lunch.
Which is a little wooden box.
And I say food in a box.
Sure.
That's a casual answer thing.
Yeah.
That's insane.
That's a big carpentry on a daily basis.
Glee sticks.
Okay.
Is that a snack?
Like chief sticks.
True staples.
Okay.
So the staple gun.
Yeah.
I was worried about that.
Uh, we're not starting from a good place.
Let's just continue.
I'm here with you.
What is still thinking dense that you're playing with?
It looks like rubber cement.
Is this ice cream right?
Or like an assiable that was frozen for an extra hour.
Yeah.
That's exactly it.
How did you know?
Yeah.
Because it's too cold.
Right.
So I did, uh, I did the work ahead of time.
Rather than you guys showing up empty hand.
Um, right.
There's nothing more back yard than a bowl.
Is that fair to say?
I like assiables.
So I'm saying this from a place of love.
But is it like the nutritional equivalent of eating a pint of ice
cream for breakfast?
Like chemically if you break it down.
Is it just like a thousand grams of sugar and then nothing else?
I don't think so, sugar.
Because you're getting a lot of fiber from all the fruits and also from the granola.
Yeah.
And there's definitely a lot of sugar for sure.
But it's all from natural sources.
Instead of like adding sugar to cream, which other than maybe a little bit of protein
doesn't have a lot of nutritional value.
This has a, you know, antioxidants and shit.
How much sugar do you think is in that like more or less than a can of coke?
It's definitely, I think it's probably more than a can of coke, but not that much more.
I wonder if it's like, like if it was yogurt based with that be better.
It was like you.
Then we have probiotic.
We're getting away from the point of this.
I know that we are.
We're talking about your lunch.
We're learning it.
We're learning only about the lunch.
Yeah.
That's all we're learning about.
Well, it's been five minutes.
All I wanted to say, it's been seven.
Is that there's nothing more backyard than a bowl.
And you did.
So like, maybe when you're granola made out of.
We got some almonds.
There's some M&Ms.
Couple a couple raisins.
Lot of peanuts.
Heavy on the peanuts.
So it's not a trader Joe's trail mix.
No, I'm not a trader Joe's girly.
I find it overwhelming in it.
Time management.
Let's talk about it.
How do you guys manage your time?
And maybe I could help you out.
Probably can.
Because you're famously really poor at managing your time.
Yeah.
Some days you don't show up at all.
And if you do, you're infamously late.
Yeah.
I'm always on time.
You're constantly running behind.
That's true.
What was that?
This is coffee.
I'm definitely always running behind.
But for records, I'm the first one here.
The Zoom meeting starts.
You have to.
Well, you kind of have to be here, though.
But I am.
I have to be and I am.
You have to do a lot of things.
And you do.
That's what time management is all about.
Yeah.
But like one time you took the call for the recording from your car.
So.
That's because I was right.
That's one time.
Right.
Years ago.
Yeah.
And I still made it there.
The last couple.
You got to end early.
Because you said you had to go to thousand oaks.
But you were running late.
That was fine.
A thousand oaks.
Yeah.
What did you actually do there?
I ended up at IKEA.
What about a thousand oaks dressing?
That's actually.
Really.
Um, eating lunch during a record.
That's an example of good time management.
I don't know about that.
How do you figure?
People don't like hearing it.
Yeah.
But also I think even though it is.
Good.
For like.
Using your time in other places.
It's bad for your like general demeanor and attitude towards work.
Why is that?
Because I'm knowing on robin Anna.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
It also like I fear you might crash because you're just.
You're eating a lot of things.
And then like at by the end of the episode.
You might be dragging.
What.
What about you guys?
Everybody wants to talk about my shit.
Everybody wants to criticize my time management.
Brad.
You.
Uh.
What's your schedule?
Normally like.
Like my work schedule.
We have work balance.
I'm actually very organized.
I block my time out.
Well, before this, you were saying that you were like neglecting your relationship.
Right?
You're not making a time for you.
I did not.
I did not say that at all.
We have a very strong relationship.
We've been married for over seven years.
Right.
I would kindly ask you to keep my wife's name out.
You're fucking mouth.
I didn't say her name.
And she.
And I.
Why?
Name.
Out your fucking.
Bad time management.
This pause is pregnant for no reason.
I'm here.
Because he kind of looked like he froze.
Not.
And then it was like a little menacing.
What is this?
I came up with a themed episode.
Lunch and learn.
Because this is a company podcast.
I said I have a company man.
And what are we doing?
We're talking about Brad's fucking wife.
What's your name?
Sandy.
Summer.
It's a hot summer.
Sandy.
Summer.
So sorry.
You're heating up summer.
Sandy's.
I'm in the summer.
Boyle and hot.
I'm here.
You're planning a fucking wedding.
You texted us at 11.
20.
Saying.
Bring a lunch or a snack to the record.
You didn't.
Which is a.
Right.
Which is important.
Not lunch time for you.
Not enough time.
That's absolutely.
Time to get some.
I said why.
You didn't respond.
Why?
I said no.
Didn't have to respond.
You need to just follow directions.
And now it's a themed episode.
Because you fired.
And you didn't know that.
When would you rather.
I've worked fucking text you to get.
Yesterday.
It's noon.
You weren't planning on getting lunch in 40 minutes.
Isn't enough time for you to get lunch?
No.
I'm not planning on eating during the show.
I've never done that before.
All right.
That's why.
Interesting, right?
Kind of interesting to do that.
But you weren't selling it.
You were just telling me to do it.
Communication skills.
This is a good segue.
I thought that that was good.
But I think that the benefits of effective communication in the workplace cannot be overstated.
What are you guys think that you could do better on in terms of communication?
I'll start.
I think I could maybe text what 20 minutes earlier.
If I text too soon, you're going to forget that that's what is even happening.
If I texted you at 9 a.m. this morning, you would not have had a lunch.
That's true.
Because again, I don't think it would be good if we were all eating while talking.
And it's less like the time.
Sure.
Window of texting and more just like you didn't give any context.
I wouldn't explain why.
Big reveal.
Remember when I showed my ass on the show?
That was a big reveal.
People loved it.
They do.
So what about this?
Lunch and learn was a big reveal.
I feel like you guys were floored in America's texting.
Because emailing.
Yeah.
Or playing video games or something, I can't tell.
That's not good.
I'm sending an email.
That's not focused or preparedness.
No, I'm sending an email.
And I would say good communication is like including email.
Yeah.
Body in the conversation.
Then you weren't really including me because you're talking about West Coast stuff.
So that's true.
That's true.
You know what? That's a good note.
That's the first good note that I've received so far.
Ever.
Today.
Today's lunch and learn.
Brad.
What a lunch and learn is.
It's team building.
It's where you have lunch and you learn about shit.
How to make the company more cohesive and good.
Kind of.
I'm buying.
I say no, but.
Really not.
What's that?
What do you mean?
It's not that.
Usually it's like with another company.
Or like like a.
It's considered professional and expert professional.
A 1099 contractor coming in for the road slash ages.
And trying to figure out how we can come to the road.
What's that?
Coming up on the road.
Carrow act style.
Yeah.
Consider me a Neil Cassidy of myself because I'm coming with a ton of energy.
And I'm like keeping it should have float as it teeter burrows on the edge of chaos.
You should do an episode where you talk to people at different companies.
You should do an episode where you treat me with reverence.
You should have earned my respect.
And not just be given it by eating on.
That's a great communication.
Yeah.
I think you should have used.
I feel statements.
I respect what he's saying.
But I think he should have said.
I feel like that's what you should do.
So I don't know if that's good communication because I feel attacked.
And I'm sorry.
Every statement I say is I feel.
That's why I say it.
There are seven kinds of leadership skills.
Can we all agree on that?
No.
What do you mean?
We can't even agree on the basic premise of the lunch and learn.
What are the seven as you know them?
And I'll tell you yes or no.
Strong and empowered coaching for me.
Okay.
Keeping employees engaged on the show or not.
No.
That's why I've got that down.
I already falling apart.
There's five left.
Creating positive team dynamics as I see it.
Okay.
The Royal Eye.
Effective negotiation or not.
Who just said that?
Not that the office.
Don't be so easily distracted.
People are here.
Other people are in the studio.
I know in the studio.
But in the other studio.
Yeah.
I thought that we were doing summer Fridays.
Not now.
I'm just why I'm sending emails.
Understanding and leveraging individual strengths and lack thereof.
Like for example, a mirror's kind of funny and shit.
But at the same time, he's not good about talking about his feelings.
Marica is very good at bringing the heat on a weekly basis.
But if she's not necessarily tired, she's not going to have that deadpan.
Brad is good at climbing.
And what is this?
This is strengths and weaknesses of y'all.
Okay.
Brad is good at climbing, but not necessarily good at organizing his space.
That's why his background's always cluttered and shit.
It's not cluttered, man.
How about you focus on your shit?
What do you mean?
It's not cluttered to me.
It's cluttered to have.
It's not.
That was very organized.
No.
Look at how much stuff's on the top of it.
You just need to pair down.
My fear, and I've always said this to other people, but I don't tell me to pair down.
How about I like it?
My fear is that you're hoarding.
I'm not.
He's a collector.
Hosting efficient and effective meetings.
That's number six.
Inefficient.
Efficient.
I thought he said inefficient.
Developing and utilizing emotional intelligence or not.
Those are the seven leadership skills.
I know I have six out of the seven.
What do you guys think your last one you have to work on is?
No, I mean.
No.
They were all or not, so we all have.
They weren't all or not.
They were three.
These are the ones I have.
Keeping employees engaged or not.
It's kind of a coin flip every week.
Whether you guys buy in or not, right?
Sometimes we're all in the same page.
We're experiencing joy.
Other times.
Everyone's texting.
Creating positive team dynamics or not.
Same pen and every week.
I'm not.
Criticized my room and put my wife's name in.
Not the room.
The room is great.
We should say the room is incredible.
It's organization or lack thereof.
It's the accumulating objects that you might not ever need or use,
but you don't even know you have them.
They're all right there.
Right, but that beat them being in the room doesn't mean you're using them.
But I am.
Amir's in the studio.
Is he using the frame TV?
No.
It's just there.
I don't know.
What about my.
You're being attacked.
Everything you say has three people disagree.
You're energy up.
You know, no.
I would say Marika's room is perfectly organized.
She also is bringing.
She's brought in some plant life to balance out the clutter and garbage.
You know what I mean?
So it's like on one side.
Here's here's my note for Brad's business car bridge.
Here's my note for Brad's room.
And this is going to answer Marika's question.
If you want to keep all that garbage.
Do it faster.
Not in garbage, man.
I'm getting mad now.
Do it for sure.
But it's garbage.
What do you see that's garbage?
There's literally a plant right there, man.
Is that real or is that artificial?
There's a fake one and a real one.
Everything there has sentimental value in your tattoo.
See your TTV.
You got to get rid of that.
You don't know.
I use it every day.
For what?
I watch VHS films slash also put my computer screen onto it and watch podcasts on it.
Really?
Yeah.
That's actually actually awesome.
That's actually genuinely awesome.
Yeah.
Where'd you get it?
Where did I get the TV?
Yeah.
A thrift store from the 90s.
Let's talk about it.
How do you attach a new computer to an old TV like that?
How do you question?
I have the sentences that are good to read.
Yeah.
I have an white thing.
The RCA converter.
Yeah.
Plug it in to the Macbook.
Can we see it while you're on the Zoom or is it?
Sure.
Let me turn it on.
Well, actually, I have my dongle connected.
But I can put a something on.
But I prefer a little ambiance over the garden wall maybe.
And that's nice.
Love that.
It's not Halloween time.
But that's fine.
Let's get into it.
Brad is networking.
Network not wearing his headphones.
Yeah.
Let's figure this out.
Just the rules.
Because it's his birthday today.
I wanted to let you guys know.
It's not his birthday.
I know because we're going to say you're always going to say.
But then I say something and you're like actually I was going to say something
really interesting.
No, you weren't.
I was going to say we should do like a surprise thing.
Like now that is.
No, I agree.
Headphones are off.
We should like come back up.
Here we go.
Surprise.
It's a lunch and learn.
And we're talking about networking.
Let's go one by one.
Sorry.
I agree.
It was the last time you talked to somebody outside the network.
Who was in a position of power, who could help this show about this show?
Overlaping dialogue.
These long pauses.
Everybody gets on my case for like the long pauses.
The pregnant pauses.
This is Marika.
You crazy question.
Who did you question?
A question about the show.
Nobody.
I don't talk about it.
So that's the area where you can improve.
That's an area that you can improve networking.
You have to stop eating a side man.
Let's say.
You're chugging a cold.
You're eating just thousands of calories of fruit.
Look at you.
You're shaking.
I'm nervous.
Of course.
I go to the world.
I go to bars every kid and I network.
I mix.
And it's help people about the show that you host.
I'm like, I've heard that.
I ain't gonna block us.
No you're not.
Yes I am.
And I do a weird voice.
They don't recognize me because of course they're already listening.
They listen to the show and they don't know it's you because you disguise your voice.
Multiple choice question.
Two weeks ago, I went to 4,100 bar and silver.
Like, and did I run into an actor that I recognized and went up to and said, hey, like, wait,
are you blanks friend?
Because I thought I knew her from somewhere.
And it wasn't someone I knew personally.
It was just an actor that was in Finn and Wolfhardt and Billy Brick's movie.
And then she was like, I also recognized you.
And I turned out I recognized her from Finn's movie.
And she recognized me from head go.
Who cares?
And then B is none of the above and C is all of the above.
Only one though above it.
Well, B would be not anything above it, which would be not the first one.
And then C would be both of the first two, which is the thing I said.
And then also none of the above.
So a paradox.
Parity.
And also A and B are the same.
Mmm, that's true.
When was the last time you networked about this show?
About this show.
I try not to tell anybody about this show.
Why?
It's an embarrassment.
Not of riches.
I was going to say of riches.
Yeah.
No.
It's a shame.
It's a black mark.
It's a scarlet letter.
But like you said that we were hearing a pitch from
Right?
You didn't tell me about that.
I can podcast.
Don't include this.
Yeah.
Bleep the name.
But you didn't tell him.
Didn't tell him.
You didn't tell me about that.
I can podcast.
Why do you want to be on the network?
It's not anywhere near his house.
Because actually show.
Show.
Really?
No.
You haven't heard?
Yeah.
Brad.
No networking and Portland.
You don't go to like revolution hall and like wax.
Actually.
No.
I was not to talk to for Brad.
But I feel like he's probably the person that would actually talk about the show
the most for his job to other people.
True or false.
Brad.
False.
All right.
We got to talk about change management.
Wait.
I was going to tell you about.
I actually was.
Oh my god.
Thank you.
Thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show guys.
It's hard to keep up with a supplement routine.
All right.
I tried it.
I literally had like a basket of vitamins and I was taking like 18 pills a day.
There's no way that that's sustainable.
And it wasn't.
I stopped doing it.
And then we started getting athletic greens shipped to the office.
Before it was even a sponsor of this show,
I started taking it and I started achieving the same results from my supplement
routine before.
But from one single drink.
My routine is I wake up.
I have a full glass of water these days.
So that I'm hydrated.
Then I have my athletic greens.
And then I have my cold brew.
It's this whole little like one, two, three punch where the cold brew is what I'm like
earning in the morning.
And that's a really good feeling when you start with the water and then you do the
AG one.
And then you do cold brew.
Your sort of off to the races.
And you feel like you've done one thing for your health.
And it just it helps jump start my day and give me that zip.
That's up.
Sorry.
But I had to go improv with it.
I'm always looking for life hacks also, which is why I've come to love and trust
AG one.
Because again, it is a life hack.
Instead of swallowing a bunch of pills, which I don't even like doing by the way.
It's not comfortable for me.
I'd rather have a sweet kind of tropical tasting drink that I know is giving me 75
high quality vitamins, minerals, and whole food source ingredients of the highest quality
that give me major benefits like gut and mood support.
Boosted energy and even healthier looking skin.
Hair and nails, guys.
So if you're looking for an easier way to take supplements,
athletic greens is going to give you a free one year supply of vitamin D and five free
travel packs with your first purchase.
Just go to athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Check it out.
Guys, this episode is sponsored by Better Help.
I don't know if you guys feel this way, but sometimes in life you are faced with tough decisions
that could send you in any which way.
And you don't know which is the right path to take, right?
And sometimes you don't know who to turn to talk to because everyone in your life has their own personal biases
of course, positive and negative.
And that's where therapy can come in because when you're making decisions around career
relationships or anything else, therapy helps you stay connected to what you really
want while you navigate life.
And it helps you to trust yourself to make the decisions that align with your values,
like anything.
All right?
The more you practice it, the easier it gets.
And I've had that experience with therapy.
I'm in therapy every week as much as I can be.
And it makes me a better version of myself, a better versed version of myself within myself,
to know myself better, to know why I'm making certain decisions, why am I reacting this way.
And again, I say this every week, but it helps me be the best version of myself for the people around me.
If you don't care enough about yourself, you might care about everyone around you,
everyone you love.
That might drive you to be the best version of yourself.
You know, that that's a positive force in your life to people, right?
To understand yourself is to show up for those around you who you care about in the best way possible.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try.
It's entirely online and designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Let therapy be your map with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that to get 10% off your first month?
Again, that's better help.
HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
To one conversation.
I was in LA, and I met Miles, bouncing your right.
Why? Why was he around?
We were at VidCon.
He did a pants call.
That's sweet.
We talked about the headcom podcast.
What'd you say?
I said, doesn't it suck?
You said.
Mm.
Yeah.
He said Jeff couldn't even get me in frame on the last episode.
We both had a nice laugh about it.
That is good.
And he was there as a producer of a podcast.
So you're an amateur.
You're an amateur man of an hour.
You're an amateur hour man, basically.
Yeah.
And gets his more of a brother than it does.
I'd love to make this podcast presentable.
Like as the marketing person.
That this company has been nice to be able to talk about.
It's not successful or accessible.
It's great.
Let's kind of just like, if you're there, you're.
Okay.
Well, you know what?
This is a great segue into change management.
Are you guys familiar?
No.
So change management.
Overlapping conversation.
Change management is like being flexible and
changing with the environments, right?
As the industry shifts, so does need to the show have.
So, you know, since it premiered in May of 2020 or whatever the fuck.
I feel like it's changed a lot.
And that's an example of good change management.
But Maria, I hear you and I respect your opinion.
You're saying you want the show to change for the better.
I'm wondering how you see that change management going.
And let's make this America's brothers for three and a half minutes.
I think that if we could find a way to introduce new audiences to the concept of the show and
a not hostile manner.
Finding people inside joke.
I'm your blowing himself.
I'm your power.
I'm here.
There's no way anybody can listen to this.
Yeah.
Um, I mean, I think you're like, I'm, yeah.
Do you have multiple awesome people?
Yeah.
What was so frozen solid?
So he's been kind of like scraping little bits off.
Yeah, chiseling off.
Yeah.
Three minutes.
No, I think if we, you know, he are able to post social videos
everyone's in a while that are like pretty good out of context.
Sage has been doing a great job at making like all of the song clips into TikToks
and those have some of those of like popped off, which is nice.
Oh, yeah.
I think I'm doing the one going.
Doing okay.
Um, not viral for sure, but a couple, couple thousand views.
Yeah.
It's hard.
So we'll take that.
What a lonely bed.
A couple.
Yeah.
I guess Ruth is.
So we're talking about supposed to talk about it.
It's only been a couple of hours.
That's take good.
No, it's been a day.
No, um, but it's got like 3,000, something, view someone just commented that that this
was the role you're born to play.
I, you know, won Uz in the, like being talked about, right now, through an
allotted tomathyshellamy.
Hashtags on the hopes they would pop off and it hasn't yet, but that's fine.
If are sure, it's also kind of the director, Paddington.
So people love that guy. People love that guy.
So there's hope that this one. I feel like a mirror doesn't understand
where he could drillers or how it works.
There is hope for both a mirror and for the movie.
It looks so bad though.
Yeah, but I will watch. I will be seated.
Oh, I'm going to watch it.
Um, but back to the show.
Also, a similar thing like timely discussions are always good.
Yeah, topical with some exciting guests.
Yeah, we love exciting guests. We call to try and get like
other internet e people on the show.
I'm sure like Brad, who do you think would be a good guest on the show?
I think Brittany Broski would be really funny on the show.
Ben and Emil from the Patience podcast would be really funny on the show.
You know, who would be good? Bobby?
I'm Jack Talk.
That podcaster who's always like really small.
Right. That, that, that, um, she's like a young mother.
Right.
You know, you haven't seen this person. She's all over TikTok. She's like,
why did you do that?
And then the guest is like, oh, I don't know. I thought this would be good.
And she's like, so you think this? And they're like, no, no, I don't think because she's like
corners. I'm into canceling themselves.
I think you should go on chicken shop date.
I can't do that. That's like a really crazy.
What a huge reach. That's like saying, I think you should go on the fucking remote.
Anything anymore. So I'm not allowed to either.
Yeah, but like not not your face isn't you.
Yeah.
Also nobody cares about you. So you can do whatever you want.
Like, if you did a patcho, nobody would be like, oh my god.
Yeah, but who cares? Like, nobody would even know this sort of mind.
Like, oh, I heard Jeff James was on a fucking podcast.
Like, who gets up in arms about that? You're barely in the union, right?
Like, does anybody care if you're in or out at this point?
It's not like you're piciting or part of a team, right?
It doesn't feel like you're...
No, do not.
How about you? Have to blur, bleep, bleep, cut, all of it.
Yeah. We will. We will. Yeah.
Why have intent fade, I wonder.
We'll cut entirely.
What's the issue? Is it that we don't have the ends?
Because I refuse to believe that. I think it's that we're not putting our resources towards this show.
Which, by the way, there's a lot of room to grow. So I kind of resent that.
Cheryl Heinz's show didn't do well at all.
Yes, it did. Really?
Yeah. How many really big shows?
I didn't know that.
Yeah. She's never at the stew.
Right. Well, they recorded it.
We're still separately.
Brenwood. Here's my...
You're always wrong and then you just sort of jump on people for acting you.
Who can we get then? Scott Walker, but I thought it would be funny.
But he doesn't run the whole podcast industry anymore.
I feel like that's probably like Conan.
Let's get Conan. We can't get Conan. He's fucking rich.
Sure we can. I actually know Conan.
A single guest that he has is like the biggest person you've ever heard of.
He doesn't want in the show. He's my uncle.
Conan O'Brien's not your uncle.
Yeah. No. Uncle Cones.
No, because it doesn't even... This is nothing. This is nothing.
What do you mean?
The lunch and learn. It's devolved into nothing.
Now we're talking about your uncle being Conan, which is just a lie.
It's why would I lie about that?
That's how I got this job. That's how I got into the podcast industry.
Let's talk about breaking the ice.
I'm a nepo, baby. Let's talk about breaking the ice.
How do you guys choose to break the ice?
Maybe in specific regards, so like trying to get new guests.
Is that a cold email? Is that a cold DM?
Usually tell them my uncle.
Ooh, tell them.
I think the Bobby person would be good. I don't know her last name.
I don't think you're trying about.
Okay.
It could also get Andy Richter.
This is my godfather.
Oh, inksons.
Conan O'Brien's your uncle and then Andy Richter's your godfather.
Five men.
Yeah.
Oh, and the masturbating bear did my bris.
Don't mass.
Um, I don't, maybe I'm not up to damn the internet. Right? Twitters.
Sounds like you're not.
They did no verbal.
Brittany Broski was.
We had Sally Darron this fucking show.
I want to have her back.
I wanted to, I do want to have Sally Darron back.
I was DMing her.
She's great.
But I don't know.
Who's at the top of TikTok right now?
TikTok doesn't translate to podcasts.
What's the internet then?
You just said you want more internet personalities.
So you mean more podcast personalities?
Well, this is a podcast.
That's also on YouTube.
So I like YouTube personalities.
Okay.
Let's go to YouTube and see the first person that pops up.
Mr. Beast.
I've received a watch to my first Mr. Beast video.
Yeah.
His tweet about it was so intriguing.
What do you think?
And he's really figured something out that guy.
It's just eight minutes of balls to the wall expensive insanity.
And he's out.
He's like, hey, we bought a train.
We're going to drive into a pit.
But first I'm going to blow up $50,000.
And then before that, I'm going to see if any of these mannequins can survive a fall
from outer space.
And you're just like, oh my god.
And then before you can even think about it, he's doing this all.
And then the video ends.
And you're just like, holy shit.
He's like, also that cost $3 million.
And I made $270,000 on ad revenue.
I'm like, this is so much information.
It's all shot in a very exciting fashion and edited really tightly.
Well, I have ideas for this show, but nobody wants to fund the shit.
I keep emailing Katie being like, hey, remember those three ideas we met about in May?
And she's like, I'll get back to you.
To be clear, Ali and Katie brought one of them up to you at the live show.
And you didn't know what they were talking about.
And it was an idea that you pitched and had.
And said, honestly, you studied you in self fun.
And we were like, no, don't do that.
No, I want to do that one.
Katie, we were like, no, don't self fund it.
Oh, I'm not going to.
But here's the other issue.
It's fucking hot.
So that involves being out in the sun.
Sure, yeah, yeah.
And so now we have to wait.
Oh, it's a, it's a weird time in the industry.
And it's the perfect time to do something.
There's two ways of trying.
This is of today, yeah.
Sure.
What do you want to do?
You do you.
He's high on our side.
It's happening.
This is him.
Man, so I'm proud of him.
He's high.
He's shot the goal.
This is a video.
It's not in blue berries.
Why are so many of them just four squares of like, attractive
ish people?
You know what I mean?
None of us are like movie star.
Maybe Jake, but now he's a dad.
So you know what's going to get the dad bond?
And that's kind of a sad bond.
Yeah.
Brad's looking good, though.
Marika too.
Brad has a bad bond.
Hey, just going to be napping in 12 minutes.
Yeah, it's going to be so harsh.
It took you 30, seven minutes to eat that.
What if we do we eat the whole time?
I mean, I love if you had all of the money.
To spend on this show, Jeff, what would we do?
All right, I do.
Tour, Mr. Beast style.
Just a tour.
Like, I'm not ashamed of all.
This is why I don't understand, right?
I keep saying, can we please do a mini tour?
And then Katie's like, Marty says, we don't have the budget.
And I'm like, budget.
We're going to make money off the shit.
Will we?
Still have to spend money.
We love making money off of like the live shows that we do
because we, well, when we did like the had gum live and stuff,
we make sure that like the performers could cut
of their ticket revenue for their show.
We all were like traveling there.
So we're paying for airfare.
And it was just like an marketing expense.
Basically, that was very fun.
And we didn't make some money back.
But I mean, Jeff, how many people would have to go to your show
to free you to break even like flying there, staying there.
Other, your guests too.
I don't know, that's not my job.
To figure out some others, right?
It's not.
So I don't know.
I'm also like, what if we just do New York and LA?
And Portland?
Nope.
I think I mean, I think it's some possibility by the end of the year.
Okay.
So in the fall, maybe.
Fred, we could do revolution hall.
How big is revolution hall?
It's way too big, right?
NAD pod is doing revolution hall.
Yeah, we can't do NAD pod numbers.
We could probably do like a shitty, um, yeah.
We could definitely do a store.
Oh, my fucking God.
This was real.
I answer, answer my question.
That was like a question.
Which is the Rick?
What's the question?
If I had all the money in the world, what do I do?
No, if we had all the money to spend on this show,
what would you do?
I kind of, it's hard because I'm only thought about this realistically,
because I don't like any amount of hopes up to be disappointed.
I do want to do that if, well, no,
because I don't even want to talk about it,
because it has to be a surprise.
But I don't want to bleep this.
I want to do that.
Yeah, that's so.
Yeah, it doesn't have to be there.
It could be anywhere.
That's similar to that place.
And then, if we had, like, tens of millions of dollars,
I would want to do a show at Madison Square Garden.
We're like every scene is for sale.
Yeah.
And resell, like, 200 tickets.
I think we could sell it out.
I think we could make that go viral.
Yeah.
I don't know what the rental is for that.
It's probably a million dollars.
So it's just not.
I can ask.
That would be so funny.
Uh, okay, come on.
You don't.
He's never done it.
I don't even even do MSC.
Oh, I think he couldn't see.
Conan's definitely done radio city.
Yeah.
I'm in this funny as MSG because everything is like,
when he's 6,000.
Hold on.
And I think it's the sweet spot because that also,
you could be like, oh, what about giant stadium?
But I'm like, that's too big that it's like,
somehow not funny anymore.
MSG's perfect because it's like, theoretically,
there have been comedy shows there.
And it's like, we are kind of the bottom of the barrel,
especially in regards to like this.
If we could just get like Harry Styles to guest on the show,
I think we could at least the pit sold.
He's not going to guest.
Harry Styles playing the theme song for the show.
That'd be really dope.
That'd be really cool.
It's not going to happen.
How would that happen?
Nobody has an in with anyone in his circles.
I have to like ask him.
Yeah.
I think we could get Lady Gaga because I have an in with the guy who co-wrote
shallow.
Who?
Andrew Wyatt?
That's cool.
I feel like we get like Olivia Rodrigo.
How?
I don't know, people.
Young.
She's in the, who's like the, uh, uh,
I don't know, Quincy Jones.
I was going to say it.
And the six after that.
Nice.
Yeah.
Uh, if I could spend a lot of money on the show,
I think I would try to tour with a really elaborate, like,
yeah, design circus.
Oh, that's what it was.
I wrote this down.
I texted this myself when I was at the Louvre.
I said, had come podcast circus.
It would be, uh,
Sankling Brothers Circus or something.
It's good.
Also, I got a physical yesterday.
And the doctor was like, any swelling in your ankles, and I, like,
laughed.
And I laughed for a little too long to the point where she was like,
I had to explain.
I was like, oh, I'm sorry.
I'm not mean to deliver.
I just, I'm kind of known to have thin ankles.
And she's like, well, that's good that there's no swelling.
And then you said, have you seen the head going podcast?
Yeah.
And that was your networking for the day.
Yeah, exactly right.
And what would we have at our circus?
Would it be like, animal actor?
Would it be like, uh, what?
Would it be like a quote unquote freak show?
I think it would be, um, it would just be me trying
to turn the normal podcast into a circus.
But it's obviously, I didn't do enough work for that.
But it would be like, I agree.
I think it would be so funny.
Like, if everyone just like worked really, we spent money on classes
to like someone learn trapeze.
Yeah, but someone doesn't have time to get good at it.
So it's like, you are doing trapeze acts, but it's kind of like watching someone do a class.
Also, I would love to do a New Year's Eve thing.
That's like Dick Clark's New Year's Rock and Eve.
But it would be Jeff James's New Year's Rock and As.
Dick James.
Rodney James Rodney.
Yeah, the Rodney Brothers Circus, but, uh, Bill Graham today, uh, New Year's Eve show
at a Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco and like winter 70 something San Francisco.
Yeah, what's that?
I'm trying to copy you why.
Where would you want your show to be held at?
Because I feel like that's a good opportunity for a joke.
I have so many venues that I think would be funny to do the show at.
But nobody wants to put any effort or money into this shit.
If it was New Year's Eve, like, like, what if it was just like you're doing the New Year's show?
Sure.
A block from Times Square.
So the ball's like kind of in the background.
That'd be funny.
Yeah, we could figure that out.
But the, uh, I want to do it at a theater because Bill Graham did this New Year's Eve show where he flew in on
like this, uh, like whatever, um, hanging big joint.
And so I could do the same, but it would be like on, um, I don't know, like the Peter Pan style.
I was going to say it on a Geary.
That's pretty good.
I show up as a rice ball.
You could make like a rice dress, like Lady Gaga style.
And then Lady Gaga comes out in her meat dress.
Yeah.
And I'm here.
Feel free to, like, participate.
We should write a shout-out cover.
This isn't nonsense.
This is planning.
This is a lunch and learn.
I would say this is another side of brain story.
I will eat another assignable.
I want to see you explode.
I mean, what do you want to see out of the show?
Violet, you're turning right.
Don't think I want to be on it as much.
Like, I'm like, I'm on nearly every episode and it should be more of a
Poop Poori rotating cast of character style.
But then what?
On guest, would you do regularly?
Buckets?
No, I would just fucking chill out and watch.
I want to just watch and see what happens.
I don't want to, like, have to listen to the show.
Be recorded every week.
That's the only one I'll listen to.
I feel like a step in the wrong direction is not having a mirror on the show.
Because it's hard.
Jakes on paternity leave.
You're also not going to be on the show every week.
This is tough.
People don't want to see you in your turn to do leave.
I'm on uncle leave.
Well, I thought we did kind of establish on the show that you're,
you're sort of the real father.
Not even a donor, really, more of like a
cuckold or
you cuckold.
He's not like a cuckold, cuckold, cuckold, cuckold, cuckold, cuckold, cuckold on earth.
Let's end the show by rounding out this um lunch and learn
which is um about goal setting and we're kind of already doing that.
But like, yeah, what are the, what are the goals that we actually want to see happen to the show?
We've been doing that already, but like, let's figure the shit out.
Let's leave with some action items.
I would like to focus on guests because we can do that easily.
Yes, I would like guests staying to return another 20,000
views slash list listens every week.
Really difficult.
That's a lot of listeners.
How would that happen?
Get the right guest, man.
All right, guests.
Yes, that's the right time.
It seemed to care.
Like you know what I mean?
Like we had Finn on the show.
Nobody gives a shit.
That was like a year and a half ago.
Yeah, I was pretty a long time ago and I think people did actually is what I don't even know
if that was what video was it?
It wasn't.
Yeah, I'm trying to even think of who is on in my phone that's any interesting.
But it's not necessarily the biggest name.
Right.
I have a, somebody who's in a famous rock band, but I don't.
Right, so you're not listening.
Right, yeah.
It's not necessarily the most famous right.
I saw one who's in a famous rock band.
People that are good at engaging online audiences.
People that have their own podcast audience that they can bring over.
We should have a lot of things.
Kind of things.
Lauren currently does not have a podcast that I know.
Well, I guess she has three of them and newcomers.
We could have the three of them on that be funny.
And then we could do like a three socks.
I think that they did at some point want to do some sort of collab.
We might have done, no, at the show.
I don't know if it was gusting.
It might have been like an ad swap situation or something.
But, um, but again, thinking outside the box.
Well, I did something with game credits.
I do really want to get a PS5.
For what?
To play games.
What game?
Well, a game.
Elden ring.
NBA 2K, FIFA, uh, I would love to have a PS4.
Like a C.
We should have a FIFA tournament.
I really.
Well, I brought this up on today's episode.
The one that fucking came out today.
Well, we record this at the last week.
If you're listening to this, which is that the NBA announced their mid-season tournament.
And there's going to be a head-gum podcast, mid-season attorney.
A mid-journey attorney is what we're calling for.
Not a FIFA.
I want to do Mario Kart.
A Mario Kart.
It's dream.
The two brackets are instead of east versus west.
It's uh, joy versus wise.
Oh my god.
I don't know what your time is up.
I was signing up if I'd want to play a game.
The joy fee for conference champion will be announced at the end of the November.
Okay.
At the end of the November.
But you threw and threw man.
Fuck you.
For interrupting my genuine attention.
Continue.
What's the general rule?
FIFA tournament.
Yeah.
Fuckin' not the bet.
The FIFA tournament.
Yeah.
But that shouldn't be for this show.
That should be for uh, one of the game show live streams.
Sure.
Sure or yeah.
Sure yeah.
That's all in the same channel.
Is that on you?
Was it Casey or Kevin?
Is it chef Kevin?
Well, it's Casey.
Get him on.
Oh my god.
Don't have you!
You can't hear you, obviously man.
Can you hear Jeff?
Casey!
Yeah, he goes, you know.
Tell him to get on the mic.
You want to see to get on the mic.
Get on the mic!
This is good.
Hello.
Hey, Casey.
What do you got?
What do you want to point to people to the floor is yours?
Fine.
Listen to the pit wall pod.
Follow us on Instagram,
App Pit Wall pod.
Send us some quick cues.
We'll answer them on the pod.
Maybe Jeff will be on
sometimes soon.
We'll find out on Monday.
Which means nothing because I've said that so many times, but I'm going to be on Monday.
Uh, thank you guys so much for listening to the heck of podcast.
Uh, keep tuning in for all the changes and uh, and I think it through the very least we did lunch and learn.
We did lunch and learn.
We did a new bond to the week.
Catch us next time.
We're going to brunch and bring the link is coming up.
I feel like bond to the week.
That's good.
Showed out.
Get out of it from idle.
We're done this in a while.
Catch you on the flip.
Diesel.
Yeah.
Uh.